The samples sub-directory contains examples on how to extend Intel(R)
Cluster Checker and embed its functionality into other programs.

Note: for all the samples, it is assumed that the Intel(R) Cluster
      Checker environment setup script has been previously sourced.

      (bash) % source <installdir>/bin/clckvars.sh
      (csh)  % source <installdir>/bin/clckvars.csh

The 'api' sub-directory contains examples on how to embed Intel(R)
Cluster Checker functionality into other programs.  This is described
in Chapter 2 of the Developer's Guide and in the Analysis API
documentation, doc/developers_guide.pdf and doc/analysis_api.pdf,
respectively.

The 'connector', 'kb', and 'provider' sub-directories contain an
interconnected example on how to extend Intel(R) Cluster Checker.  The
example is described further in the Developer's Guide.

  - The 'provider' sub-directory contains an example data provider.
    See Chapter 3 of the Developer's Guide for more information.

  - The 'kb' sub-directory contains an example set of knowledge base
    rules.  See Chapter 4 of the Developer's Guide for more information.

  - The 'connector' sub-directory contains an example connector
    extension to read and extract the data provider output from the
    database and populate the knowledge base data.  See Chapter 5 of
    the Developer's Guide for more information.

  To get started, first follow the steps described in
  provider/INSTALL.  Then to verify the data provider, execute the
  following commands:

    % clck-collect -f nodefile -m duck -m uname
    % clckdb --provider duck

  If the data provider is operating correctly, the 'clckdb' command
  should return the data for the 'duck' data provider stored in the
  database.

  Next, follow the steps described in connector/INSTALL and
  kb/INSTALL.  Then execute the following command:

    % clck-analyze -I duck

  Since the data provider is 'random', depending on the data actually
  collected, you may or may not see any signs.  Try recollecting the
  data if you do not see any signs generated by the analysis.
